c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\Flowers.dll.config
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\Flowers.dll
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\Flowers.pdb
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\ru\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\ru\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\ru\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\ru\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\ru\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.resources.dll
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.resources.dll
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.resources.dll
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.resources.dll
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.resources.dll
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.resources.dll
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.resources.dll
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\obj\Debug\Flowers.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\obj\Debug\Flowers.dll
c:\users\валерия\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\obj\Debug\Flowers.pdb
C:\Users\Валерия\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\linq2db.dll
C:\Users\Валерия\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Валерия\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Валерия\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Валерия\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\linq2db.pdb
C:\Users\Валерия\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\linq2db.xml
C:\Users\Валерия\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Валерия\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Валерия\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Валерия\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Flowers\Flowers\obj\Debug\Flowers.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\bin\Flowers.dll.config
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\bin\Flowers.dll
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\bin\Flowers.pdb
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\bin\linq2db.pdb
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\bin\linq2db.xml
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\bin\ru\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\bin\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\bin\ru\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\bin\ru\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\bin\ru\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\bin\ru\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.resources.dll
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.resources.dll
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.resources.dll
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.resources.dll
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.resources.dll
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.resources.dll
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.resources.dll
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\obj\Debug\Flowers.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\obj\Debug\Flowers.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\obj\Debug\Flowers.dll
C:\Users\sergey.chehranov\Desktop\Flowers-master\Flowers\obj\Debug\Flowers.pdb
